patient64541/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64542/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64542/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64543/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64544/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64545/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64546/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64547/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64547/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64547/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64548/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64549/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64550/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64551/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64551/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64552/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64553/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64554/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64555/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64556/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64556/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64557/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64558/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64558/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64559/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64559/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64560/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64560/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64561/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64562/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64563/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64564/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64565/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64566/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64566/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64567/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64567/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64568/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64569/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64570/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64570/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64571/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64572/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Edema,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64573/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64574/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64575/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64575/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64576/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64577/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64578/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64579/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64580/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64581/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64581/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64581/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64582/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64583/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64584/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion
patient64584/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64585/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64586/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64587/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64588/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64588/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64589/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64589/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64590/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64590/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64591/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Fracture
patient64592/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64593/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64594/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax
patient64594/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64595/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64595/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64596/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64597/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64597/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64598/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64599/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64599/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64600/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64600/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64601/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64602/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64603/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64604/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64605/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64606/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64606/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64607/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64608/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64608/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64609/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64610/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64611/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64612/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64613/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64613/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64614/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64615/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64615/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64616/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64616/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64616/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64617/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64618/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64618/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64619/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64620/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64621/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64622/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64623/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64624/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64625/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64625/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64626/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64627/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64628/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64629/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64630/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64631/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64632/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64633/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64634/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64635/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64636/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64637/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64638/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64639/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64640/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64640/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64641/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64642/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64643/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64644/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64645/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64646/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64647/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64648/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64649/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64650/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64651/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64652/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64653/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64654/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64655/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64656/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64657/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64658/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64659/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64660/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64661/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64662/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64663/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64664/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64665/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64666/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64667/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64668/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64669/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64670/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64671/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64672/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64673/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64674/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64675/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64676/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64676/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64677/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64678/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64679/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64680/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64681/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64682/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64683/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64684/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64685/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64686/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64687/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64688/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64689/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64690/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64691/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64692/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64693/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64694/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64695/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64696/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64697/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64698/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64699/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64700/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64701/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64702/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64703/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64704/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64705/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64705/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64706/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64707/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64708/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64709/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64710/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64711/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64712/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64713/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64714/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64715/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64716/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient64717/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64718/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64719/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64720/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64721/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64722/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64723/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64724/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64725/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64726/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64727/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64728/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64729/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64730/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient64731/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64732/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64733/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64734/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64735/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64736/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64737/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64738/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64739/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Cardiomegaly,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64740/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
