patient64741/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64742/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64743/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64744/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient64744/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64744/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64745/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64745/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64746/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64747/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64747/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64748/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Cardiomegaly
patient64748/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64749/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64750/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax
patient64750/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,No finding
patient64751/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64751/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64752/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64753/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64754/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64754/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64755/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64755/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64756/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,,Pneumonia,Fracture
patient64756/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64756/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64757/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64758/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64759/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64759/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64760/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64761/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64762/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64762/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64763/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64763/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64764/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64764/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64765/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Edema,Cardiomegaly
patient64766/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64766/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64767/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64768/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64768/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64769/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64770/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64771/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64772/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64773/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64774/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion
patient64775/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64775/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64776/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64777/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64778/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64779/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64780/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64781/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64781/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64782/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64783/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64784/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient64785/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient64785/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Fracture
patient64786/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64786/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64787/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64787/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64788/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia
patient64788/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64789/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64790/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64791/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64791/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64791/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64792/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64792/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64793/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64794/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64794/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64795/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64795/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64796/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64797/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64798/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64798/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64799/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64799/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64800/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Fracture
patient64801/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly
patient64801/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64802/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64803/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64804/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient64805/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient64806/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64806/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64807/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64808/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient64808/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64809/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient64809/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Edema,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64809/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64810/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64811/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia
patient64811/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64812/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Cardiomegaly
patient64812/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Cardiomegaly
patient64812/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64813/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64814/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64814/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64815/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64816/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64817/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64818/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64819/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64819/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Fracture
patient64820/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64821/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64822/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64823/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64824/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64825/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64826/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64827/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64827/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64828/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64828/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64829/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64830/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64831/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity
patient64832/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64832/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64833/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64834/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture
patient64834/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64835/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64835/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64836/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64836/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Fracture
patient64837/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64838/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64838/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64839/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64840/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64840/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64841/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64842/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64843/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64844/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64844/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64844/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64845/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64846/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64846/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64847/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64848/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64849/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64849/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64850/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64850/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64851/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64852/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64853/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64853/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64854/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64855/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis
patient64855/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64856/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64856/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64857/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64857/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64858/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64859/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64859/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64860/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64860/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64861/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64862/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64862/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64863/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64864/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64864/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64865/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64866/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64867/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Edema,Cardiomegaly
patient64868/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64869/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64869/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64870/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64870/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64870/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64871/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64872/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64872/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64873/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64874/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Cardiomegaly
patient64874/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,,Pneumonia,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64875/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64875/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64876/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64876/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Fracture
patient64877/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient64877/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64878/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64878/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64879/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64879/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64880/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis
patient64881/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64882/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64883/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64884/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64884/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64885/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64886/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64886/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64886/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64887/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64887/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64888/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64889/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64889/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64890/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64891/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64891/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64892/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64892/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64893/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64894/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64894/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64895/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64895/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64896/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64897/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64898/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64899/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64900/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64901/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64902/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly
patient64902/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64903/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64904/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64905/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64905/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64905/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64906/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64907/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64907/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia
patient64908/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64909/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64910/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64910/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64911/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64912/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64913/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax
patient64913/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64914/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64915/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient64915/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64916/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64916/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64917/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64918/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64918/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64919/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64920/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64921/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion
patient64921/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64922/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64923/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64923/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Fracture
patient64924/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64925/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64926/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly
patient64926/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64927/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64928/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64928/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64929/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64930/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64931/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64932/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64933/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumonia
patient64933/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64934/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64935/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64936/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64937/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64938/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64939/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64940/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64940/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64941/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64942/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64943/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64943/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64944/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64945/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Fracture
patient64945/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64946/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64947/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64948/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64948/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64949/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64949/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64950/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64951/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64951/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64952/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64952/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64953/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64954/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64955/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient64955/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64956/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax
patient64956/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia
patient64957/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64957/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64958/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64959/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64959/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Edema,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64960/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64961/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64962/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64963/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64964/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64964/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64965/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64966/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64967/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64967/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64968/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64969/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64969/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64969/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64970/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64970/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64971/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64972/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64972/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64973/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64974/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64975/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64976/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64976/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64977/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64978/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient64978/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64979/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64980/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64980/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64981/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion
patient64981/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64982/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64982/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64983/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64984/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64985/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64985/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64986/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64986/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64986/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64987/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64988/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64989/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax
patient64989/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,No finding
patient64990/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64990/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64991/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64992/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64993/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64994/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient64994/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64995/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64996/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient64996/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Fracture
patient64997/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Lung Opacity
patient64997/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64998/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64998/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient64999/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient64999/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65000/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65001/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65002/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65002/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65003/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient65003/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65004/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65005/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65006/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax
patient65006/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65007/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65008/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65008/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65009/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture
patient65009/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65010/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient65010/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65010/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65011/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65011/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65012/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65013/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65013/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65013/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65014/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65015/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65016/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65016/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65017/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient65018/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65018/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65019/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65020/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65020/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65021/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65022/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65023/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65024/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65024/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65025/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65026/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65026/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65027/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65027/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65028/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65029/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65029/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65030/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65030/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65031/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65031/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65031/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65032/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient65033/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65033/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Pneumonia,Lung Opacity
patient65034/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65034/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65035/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Pneumothorax,Edema,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65035/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65036/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65037/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65038/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65039/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65040/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65041/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65042/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65043/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65044/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65045/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65046/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65047/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65048/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65049/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65050/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65050/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65051/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65051/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65052/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65053/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65054/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65055/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65056/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65057/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65058/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65058/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65059/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65060/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,No finding
patient65060/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65061/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65062/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumonia
patient65063/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65064/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65065/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65066/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65067/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65068/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65069/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65069/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65070/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65071/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65072/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient65073/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65074/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65075/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65076/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65077/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65078/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65079/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65080/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65081/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65082/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65083/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient65084/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65084/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65085/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65086/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65087/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65087/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65088/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65089/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65090/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Fracture
patient65090/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65091/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65092/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65093/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65094/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65095/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65096/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65097/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient65097/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65097/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65098/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65099/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65100/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65101/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65102/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65103/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65104/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65105/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumonia,Fracture
patient65106/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65106/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65107/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65108/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65109/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Pneumonia
patient65110/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65111/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65112/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65113/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65114/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65115/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65116/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65117/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65118/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65119/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65120/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65121/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65122/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65123/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Lung Lesion,Fracture
patient65124/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65125/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65126/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65127/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65128/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65129/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65130/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65131/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65132/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65133/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65134/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65135/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65136/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65137/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65138/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65139/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65140/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65141/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65142/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65143/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65144/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65145/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65146/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65147/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65147/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65148/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65149/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65150/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65150/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65151/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65152/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient65152/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65153/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65154/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65155/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65156/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65157/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65158/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65159/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65160/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient65161/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65162/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65163/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65164/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65165/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65166/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65167/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65168/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65169/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65170/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65171/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65172/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65173/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65174/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65175/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65176/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65177/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65178/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65179/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65180/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Fracture
patient65181/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65182/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65183/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65184/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65185/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65186/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65187/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65188/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65189/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65189/study1/view2_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65190/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65191/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65192/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis
patient65193/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65194/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65195/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65196/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65197/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65198/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient65199/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65200/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65201/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65202/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65203/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65204/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65204/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Cardiomegaly,Fracture
patient65205/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65206/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65207/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65208/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65209/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65210/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65211/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65212/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65213/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65214/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65214/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65215/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65216/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65217/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65218/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65219/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65220/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65221/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65222/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65223/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65224/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65225/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65226/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65227/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65228/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity
patient65229/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65230/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65231/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65232/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65233/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65234/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65235/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65235/study1/view2_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Edema,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65235/study1/view3_lateral.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65236/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65237/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,,Pneumothorax,Fracture
patient65238/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65239/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
patient65240/study1/view1_frontal.jpg,Atelectasis,Consolidation,Pneumothorax,Edema,Effusion,Pneumonia,Cardiomegaly,Lung Lesion,Fracture,Lung Opacity,Enlarged Cardiomediastinum
